course I'm an excellent driver
that's me drive slow on the driveway
Clure it's only 28 miles on the odometer
since I filled with a week ago last
Saturday it should be more than 28 miles
as soon as it's cut remand is your
brother my brother I don't have a
brother
easy I'm an excellent driver you know
how to drive yeah never touch the
steering no and I'm driving do you hear
me do you hear me my underwear you're
using me you use that using Raymond
Raymond Raymond am i using you am I
using you Raymond shut up he is
answering a question from a half-hour
[Music]
long way to trip huh yeah what happened
this past week dance with Charlie
babbling what learn how to dance yeah
dance with your brother I know about you
but I'm starting to feel a little sick
what else did you do
kiss Suzanne joy kissing a woman I don't
know how off that wet yeah Dustin
Hoffman Tom Cruise in a Barry Levinson
film I like having you around my brother
I'm an excellent writer
[Music]
you